Add some notes on javadoc to CONTRIBUTING (#71924)
elastic/elasticsearch: CONTRIBUTING.md

       regular comments in the code. Remember as well that Elasticsearch
       has extensive [user documentation](./docs), and it is not the role
       of Javadoc to replace that.

>         1. If a method's performance is "unexpected" then its good to call that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * If a method's performance is "unexpected" then it's good to call that
```

>            out in the javadoc. Especially if its usually fast but sometimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           out in the Javadoc. This is especially helpful if the method is usually fast but sometimes
```

           very slow (shakes fist at caching).
   12. Please still try to make class, method or variable names as
       descriptive and concise as possible, as opposed to relying solely on
       Javadoc to describe something.
   13. Use `@link` to add references to related resources in the codebase. Or
       outside the code base.
       1. `@see` is much more limited than `@link`. You can use it but most of

>           the time `@link` flows better.

Reviewer: There's a good discussion here - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10097199/javadoc-see-or-link - worth linking to it?

Author: Yeah - we can. I come down on the other side from this answer though. I think if its important you should mention it in the prose. If you mention something twice you should link the first time and not again. Either `@linkplain` or don't link at all.
